Update populator docs (#370)
capactio/capact: cmd/populator/docs/populator_register-ocf-manifests.md

- [Go](https://golang.org)
- Running Kubernetes cluster with Capact installed

## Build

To build the binary install required [Prerequisites](https://capact.io/docs/development/development-guide/#prerequisites) and run:

```shell
make build-tool-populator
```

> It will create in a `bin` directory binary for your platform. For Linux systems it will be `bin/populator-linux-amd64`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It creates a binary for your platform in the `bin` directory. For example, for Linux systems, it is `bin/populator-linux-amd64`.
```

kubectl -n capact-system port-forward svc/neo4j-neo4j 7474:7474
```

> To run it and use manifests for example from [hub-manifests](https://github.com/capactio/hub-manifests) repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run it and use manifests, for example from the [`hub-manifests`](https://github.com/capactio/hub-manifests) repo, run:
```

```shell

> ./bin/populator-linux-amd64 register ocf-manifests <path to the main directory of the repo>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
./bin/populator-linux-amd64 register ocf-manifests {PATH_TO_THE_MAIN_DIRECTORY_OF_THE_REPO}
```

to be consistent with the same definition as we have below for the `{HOST}` arg.
